hey it's me Destin I have been invited
out to a professional motocross racer
Ryan sites his house and today we're
going to talk about how to control a
motorcycle alright so we're in rural
Kentucky and we've got the v10 high
speed camera again and a bunch of jumps
let's say that you go over on the bike
and you're coming up too high and you
need to rocker back down so all you do
is if you've got a flywheel going here
you've got rotational energy stored up
here 1/2 I Omega square and so what you
do there is you just tap your brakes you
can laughs you tap your brakes and once
you do that that transfer this
rotational energy to the whole body of
the bike and once you do that then
you'll rock it back over and Ryan's
going to demonstrate that for us because
he does that intuitively ok ok I'm
filming explain that again I didn't get
it so basically what you weren't going
to want to do with me the technical term
behind it you're going to want to keep
the vertical inertia of your sprocket
bearings right okay and your front swing
arm caliper vertex equal to X Rick oh
wait what no that's that's like I mean
it we all had to learn it all right so
college boys get made fun of here
you